The LinnSequencer
32 Track MIDI Sequence Recorder

The LinnSequencer is a state—of—the-art composition and performance tool for the professional musician. It is

extremely powerful, yet amazingly simple to learn and use. It’s many remarkable features include:

0 Operation is similar to multi-track tape recorder with PLAY, STOP, RECORD, FAST
FORWARD, REWIND, and LOCATE controls.

0 Each of the 100 sequences contains 32 simultaneous, polyphonic tracks. Each track may
be assigned to one of 16 MIDI channels. Simultaneously plays up to 16 polyphonic

synthesizers !

0 Ultra-fast 3 1/2 ” disk drive stores complex songs in seconds and holds over 110,000 notes

per disk!

0 One or all tracks may be TRANSPOSED at the touch of a key.
0 Exclusive real—time ERASE function makes editing FAST.
0 Exclusive REPEAT function automatically repeats any held notes at a pre-selected

rhythmic value.

0 TIMING CORRECTION works during playback and operates without ‘chopping’ notes.

0 Optional SMPTE time code synchronization.

0 Optional remote control.

Recording a Sequence

To record a sequence, simply press RECORD and PLAY,
then play your MIDI keyboard in time to the Sequencer’s
click track. When the sequence loops back around to bar 1,
you’ll hear what you played—only all timing errors will be

corrected! (Timing correction may be adjusted 0r defeated).

Any additional notes played will be added into the track
—existing notes are not erased while recording!

FAST FORWARD, REWIND, and LOCATE controls
may be used at any time to quickly access any location in
your sequence for spot-recording. To overdub a new part,
select a different track and start recording—while you
record, the ﬁrst‘track will play in perfect sync (unless you
MUTE it, or SOLO another track). In this way, up to 32
tracks may be overdubbed! All MIDI effects are recorded
including pitch bend, modulation, velocity, aftertouch,
sustain pedal, and program changes!

Editing

To erase a wrong note, simply hold ERASE and press
the note to be erased just before it plays in the sequence-—
when played back, it will be gone. Notes may also be

added, erased, or changed using the SINGLE STEP func-
tion. To overdub notes at specific points within a sequence,

Additional Features

simply use LOCATE, FAST FORWARD, or REWIND to
find the desired bar number, then start recording.

The INSERT/ COPY function allows you to move bars
from one location to another—in the same sequence or a
different one. For example, you might insert a copy of the
first verse between the second chorus and the bridge.
DELETE BARS operates the same way to remove
unwanted sections.

Creating a Song

One way to create a song is to record each track all the
way through (up to 999 bars). Another way is to record
each basic section (verse, chorus, etc.) in individual
sequences, then use the CREATE SONG function to “chain”
them together. CREATE SONG will then automatically
copy all the parts into a new sequence. If desired, you can
even set the last few bars to repeat infinitely, for a fadeout.

Composition Without Compromise

The technology you use should never be so complex that
it interferes with the creative process. That’s precisely why
the LinnSequencer is designed to let you compose, record
and edit while devoting your undivided attention to your
music. See your Linn dealer today for a demonstration!

0 Simple, easy to learn operation—the 32 character LCD display clearly guides you through all operations. If needed, the

HELP button displays additional explanations.

0 Non-destructive recording—existing notes are not erased while recording.
0 Two FOOTSWIT CH INPUTS may be assigned to remotely control many of the commonly used functions, including

ERASE, REPEAT, PLAY/ STOP, or LOCATE.

0 Two TRIGGER OUTPUTS may be programmed to output pulses at any selected note value.

0 Will sync to standard LinnDrum or Linn 9000 sync tone.

0 Utilizes ultra high—speed, 8 MHZ 80186 16 bit computer internally for FAST operation.
0 TEMPO may be specified in BEATS-PER—MINUTE or FRAMES-PER—BEAT at 24, 25, or 30 frames per second,

(even drop frame!)

0 TEMPO may be entered numerically, adjustable in tenths of a Beat-Per-Minute increments, or by tapping quarter notes

on the TAP TEMPO button.

0 TEMPO CHANGES may be programmed into a sequence, with smooth transitions if desired.
0 Any TIME SIGNATURE may be used, and may be changed within a song.

EDI]
Linn Electronics, Inc.

18720 Oxnard Street, Tarzana, CA 91356
(818) 708-8131 TELEX #298949 LINN UR

